Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Excuse me.
- Yeah.
I'm looking
for a mechanic.
Anybody around here
fit that description?
Yeah, I might be able to help you out.
What do you need?
I have to get it fixed
right away.
I need somebody who really knows
what they're doing.
I'm not too busy,
so, what's the problem?
Um, I'm not sure.
Maybe, you... ought to take a look
under the hood and check it out.
Yeah, maybe I better.
Looks okay from here.
Great customer service!
A little bit of cleaning,
a little bit of paint,
this place'd be ready
for business.
About time for me
to play the Superbowl.
Those guys are gonna
take you apart.
Okay, we're gonna do it
this time, you ready?
Okay, ready?
To the left! Cut back!
You can do it! Cut back!
Here it comes!
All right!
Okay. Suckers walk!
Suckers walk!
Hey, hey, suckers walk!
Hey, Frankie,
what's that mean?
It means
everything's okay.
So how do you think I did?
Pretty good
with the 6th graders.
They know how to make
a guy feel great, don't they?
Hey, what's the matter?
You don't look too happy today. Hmm?
I'm missing you already.
Oh, come on, pretty soon
you're gonna be so sick
o' seeing me around here,
you're gonna pray
you have some time on your own,
you know that?
- I don't believe you.
- Oh, yeah, believe it.
That's Italian!
- I gotta go.
- No, no, no.
- Gotta go. Yes! Yes!
- No.
Yes!
So, you don't think
I'm so good against 10-year-olds?
Gonna say I should try
a different sport, maybe?
- Yeah, golf. Golf.
- Golf?
- Yeah.
- Wanna see my swing?
- I'd like to see you in whites.
Like those old guys?
Can you see me
on a golf course, huh?
Well, you're lucky I have a sense
of humor. I would take that personally!
Time to go to work.
All right, be good!
Wait a minute.
I got something for you.
What's this?
It's supposed
to bring you luck.
It's nice.
Thanks.
I could use it.
Hey, Rod.
Hey, how you doin', Frank?
Good furlough?
- The best, man.
- Hey, did you see that game?
- No, I'm afraid I missed it.
- Hey, it was awesome.
Was it really good?
Yes, it was. You missed
a good one, buddy.
I have a feeling I had more fun
than you this weekend.
I'll bet you did!
Here you go, Roger.
So, how's the Diesel running, Jimmy?
- Forget it.
- Uh-huh.
It stops, it stalls, it rolls.
It don't go. I don't know
what to do
with the damn thing.
- You got water in the fuel line.
- Open your mouth.
- You sure?
- I'd bet time on it.
- Take it off.
- All right.
See you later, Jimmy!
- I'll give you more starch next time.
- Yeah, do that.
Say "Hi" to the wife.
How ya doin'?
Yo, Frank!
- What'd you bring me?
- Hey, here, go kill yourself!
I thought
you'd bring me a girl.
A girl? Had one for you but, uh,
the guards liked her so much
they decided to keep her
at the front gate!
I knew that shit was gonna happen.
I can't depend on you.
Look, let me ask you somethin' else.
Did you go see the garage?
- Oh, the garage... Beautiful, beautiful...
- Beautiful?
- Johnny, beautiful.
- A garage, I never stuck up as beautiful.
- And this one is. It's great.
- Look, can I tell you something?
Yeah.
- I'm gettin' outta here soon.
- Uh-huh.
- I don't come cheap...
- Mmm-hmm.
... but, you know, I know my way
around cars.
- Yeah.
- You need any help, call me!
Hey, Johnny, I fix 'em,
I don't steal 'em!
I was framed!
What? I was framed!
- What is this shit there, Jimmy?
- I don't know, but it's official.
Crack, 210!
On your feet, Leone!
On your feet!
- What d'you want?
- Take 'im!
What are you doin' here?
- You're being transferred!
- Transferred where? What the hell...
- For Christ's sake, that's not necessary.
- Step back, officer.
- The prisoner's in our custody now.
- You got the wrong guy!
Take me where?
- Move it!
- What'd I do? What'd I do?
Unlock it!
Get in there!
What'd I do? Goddamn!
Where are we going?
Hey! Talk to me!
Let's go, Leone!
Come on!
- Get his ass out here!
- C'mon! Get off!
Where the hell are we?
- I wanna know where the hell we are.
- Shut up!
You got the wrong man!
You made a mistake!
There's no mistake.
Welcome to Gateway,
Leone.
- Drumgoole?
- That's warden Drumgoole, convict.
- Captain.
- Move 'im!
You'll be issued 1 bar of soap,
2 rolls of toilet paper per month.
Somebody steals...
Turn your ass around!
Somebody steals 'em
or you lose 'em,
you will be wiping your ass
with your shirt.
You have one uniform.
Your number is 510. Remember it!
This is C-Wing. You will eat, shower
and take your yard time with your wing.
There's six counts a day.
Miss one, you're in the hole.
Miss two, and I'll personally
put you in the house of pain.
Convict!. Two things.
One: I am Meissner.
Two: Never fuck with Meissner.
Inside!
- Sir, what about the cuffs?
- Let 'im get used to 'em.
Better watch
your back, man!
Officer Fryberg, 5235!
19-1!
19-1! Crack it!
Oh, yeah, you better
not eyeball me, boy!
So, how were
your accommodations last night?
Like your mama
used to do you?
- You did his mama, didn't you?
- Twice!
Hey! Open the door!
You hear me?
Hello, Frank.
In the old days,
the warden would've come down that...
private passageway, from
his office to this execution chamber
to witness the... putting
to death of a criminal.
120 men and 4 women
were electrocuted in that chair
before it was retired.
Beautiful, isn't it?
When I came to Gateway,
it was falling apart,
so I had it restored,
put it back into perfect working order
to remind me
of how things ought to be.
It's nearly 5 years since
you escaped from Treadmore, Frank.
Time flies when
you're having fun.
In all the years that
I was warden there,
you're the only man
that ever made it over my wall.
- So I read in the papers.
- Yes, of course you did.
You and your lawyer
saw to it
that everything made
in into the papers, didn't you?
The media... yeah,
distorting the truth.
Distorting the facts.
Making a criminal into a hero,
and a warden into a criminal.
You took my future away from me!
You and those bleeding heart
politicians.
They sent you to Northwood.
That's a country club.
I ended up here in Gateway,
the worst shit-hole in the system.
You don't remember, do you?
I asked you.
No, I-I begged you, Drumgoole.
Do you remember that?
I had two weeks to go
before I was released.
And all I asked for is
one hour.. one hour to visit
with that old man
before he died. You remember that?
- I was doing my job.
- There's a lot of ways to do your job!
I mean, you could have given me a...
an escorted leave,
you had armed guards!
You could have done that for me.
You broke the law.
You broke the law
and I was punished.
- I got 5 goddamn years I paid my debt!
- To the state, not to me!
But you're going to...
All I know is I've only got
six months left from my sentence.
In Gateway, six months could be
a lifetime. Anything could happen.
This is hard time, Frank. You've
no rights here unless I give them to you.
You feel no pleasure unless
I tell you you can. This is hell...
and I'm going to give you
the guided tour.
Okay, tough guy.
Open your mouth!
Roll your tongue around!
You tryin' to kiss me, huh?
Lemme see you ears!
What are you looking at,
asshole?
- Did you check his nose?
- Checked it.
Good.
This is a delousing chamber.
Do not breathe!
Xylon-profic gas can be
harmful to your lungs.
Stand with your legs apart,
arms extended out
and away from your body!
When I tell you,
I want you to take a deep breath
and hold it for 30 seconds.
Start now!
Ten seconds.
Not yet!
He can take more.
Mr. Braden,
you will learn that
inmates are physically more capable
than you could imagine.
If you underestimate them...
it will cost you dearly.
Watch out for the birds!
What the hell you doin'?
Sorry.
Yo, Billy,
get that weight!
Move it, ace.
That's my spot!
Uh-oh. That's my spot too!
- Any spot in here that isn't yours?
- Nope. They're all mine.
You wanna use it,
you gotta pay.
Not so fast, ace!
I'm not gonna gouge you.
That little thing around your neck,
That'll buy you a spot for the day.
I'll put a fucking hole
in your heart!
Break it up!
I said break it up,
back off!
Spread 'em! Back off!
All right, Weber,
drop the shank in the dirt!
There ain't no shank,
Braden.
- All right, let's go!
- You, motherfucker!
- Spread 'em! Spread 'em, goddamn it!
- You're making a big mistake, asshole!
You're going in the hole
for carrying a shank.
Where's your witness?
Where's your evidence?
Well, where is it?
- He saw it!
- He didn't see anything.
- You saw him carrying the shank, right?
- I didn't see nothin'.
- You're making a bad mistake, Braden!
- Get him the fuck out of here!
He would have put that shank in you.
What did you cover for him for?
You got your rules,
we got ours.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I do know
the face, and I do know the name.
Hey, Frank.
Frank Leone, right?
Frank, the name's Dallas. I was in
Treadmore, man, when you were there.
Right before you busted out!
Ah, yeah, you were in A-Block,
weren't you?
Yeah, yeah, that's right!
I was-I was in A-Block.
You got
a good memory, man.
Treadmore doesn't have
an A-Block. Watch your feet!
Okay... dig it.
Look, look, look, look.
- I was there on transfer, man.
- Mmm-hmm.
Transfer.
Less than two hours,
but I know
all about you, man.
You're looking at
a downhome historian and devoted fan.
D.T.A.
D.T.A. Okay.
What's that, man?
Don't trust anybody.
Words to survive by. Watch your feet!
D.T. A. Okay.
- D.T.A.
Oh, come on, you gotta
trust somebody, right, Frank?
Let me hip you
to the joint, okay, man?
See this fat tub o' shit back there?
Now, that's Manly. His partner's Wiley.
They're a couple
o' sadistic pigs, man.
They ain't happy unless
they put the hurt too,
if you know what I mean.
All right? I mean, if the warden
wants to put the boot to you,
he uses them. Okay?
And, look, this dude over here.
The black dude in the booth.
That's captain Meissner,
all right?
Now, he runs the guards, okay?
And he's one bad dude, okay?
We already met. Look, I gotta do
my work, okay? Watch your feet!
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Cool. Cool, man. So, listen, Frank.
Frank, Frank, Frank. When you decide
to make your break, okay,
and I know you will,
you come talk to me, all right?
You come talk to Dallas.
Okay?
Anything you want,
anything you need, man,
I can get it.
Anything. All right? Okay?
- No way! No damn way!
- C'mon, Eclipse...
What're you talkin' about, man?
Aren't you the guy who's always cryin'
about how you need a man
who knows his engines?
Well, I brought you
the man, homes.
Look, don't "homes" me! The only thing
you brought here is trouble!
C'mon, Eclipse!
You know, I heard
all about you, Leone.
And whatever's between you
and Drumgoole ain't comin' in here.
As you can see, the boys ain't got
no problem with me.
And I ain't got
no problem with the boys.
Hey! Hey! Hey, hey! Come on, Eclipse.
You're makin' me look bad, man.
I promised the dude
a job and you owe me.
Hey, look. I don't owe you
or nobody nothin'.
Hey, you! You! Get your face outta
that motor! Get your face outta there.
You don't know nothin'
about motors.
Stay outta that motor!
Stay away from it, okay? Okay?
It's just been a long time since
I've seen an old 365 small-block.
Well, look good, then!
Cause that's the last time
you're gonna see one
in this shop!
Hey, come on, man. Frank,
we can work this out, man,
we're all gentlemen here!
That's all right, it's his place.
He knows what he wants.
It's okay. Thanks anyway.
Thanks a lot. You made me
look beautiful, man.
I appreciate
the endorsement.
Hey, Frank, hold on, man!
Hold on!
You didn't want
this job anyway, man.
Grease under your fingernails,
oil on your clothes, you know...
Don't worry, man,
you're in good hands,
- I'm gonna take care o' you.
- That's what I'm afraid of.
All right?
Prison guard, here!
Prison joke.
Hey, I lost my watch, man. Why
don't you gimme a hand looking for it?
Roll your ass on
outta here, man!
Officer Vazquez, you ought to put on
a few pounds. You look a little frail.
Hey, Frank. Listen, man,
I mean what I said, okay?
I'm gonna get you
something good,
something easy,
something cool...
You're gonna love it, man.
All right, now shut up
and get inside!
Shut up and get inside!
Here's your shit
from Norwood, Leone!
All right! Lock in!
Problem?
No, I got no problems.
And I wanna know
what the hell is going on.
Look, miss, all I know is that
he's in the general population with...
I don't give a damn about
the general population!
I wanna know
about Frank Leone!
- And I'm not leaving...
- Calm down, miss!
Leone's all right.
He was a model prisoner at Norwood.
Why did you bring him here?
Routine transfer.
- Hey, Frank?
- What?
Hey, man.
- Whoo! It's hot in here, man!
- Yeah, I know. But at least it's easy.
I know, man, I'm sorry.
I didn't do too good.
No time to go on the negative.
Now, walk with me, man.
I gotta show you
something. It's important. Okay?
- Nah, nah. Here, you try.
- Oh, no. Come on, man.
- Why not, you'll like it, really. Try it.
- I'm not into hard labor, man.
It's cool. It's easy.
Okay. There.
I'm burnt out! Come on, man!
Come on,
you're gonna love this.
Watch the steam, Frank!
I got these off this old trustee.
He did the plumbing here for 20 years.
Everybody thought he was a nut.
Doesn't mean he wasn't smart.
- Come on, hurry up.
- All right, cool.
The tunnels, under every cellblock,
okay? Right here.
They lead to
the steam plant, okay?
I go out across the steam lines.
Dig this.
I shimmy, okay? Across the
steam pipes to the sally port, okay?
Over there, there's trucks comin'
and goin'. I wait for my time...
I'm on a truck that's leavin'.
I'm dearly departing Dallas, man. Huh?
Am I keepin' you awake, am I, man?
Come on, you're the doctor. Operate.
I want
your professional opinion.
All right. Let's run it backwards.
Since I've been here, I see these trucks.
They stop running
by nine o'clock.
At nine o'clock, most of the tower guards
are waiting and running full staff.
At nine o'clock,
all the inmates are awake.
So, before you go ten feet,
every con the joint's
gonna know you're gone.
And this thing, about what
would you say this shimmy thing...?
Sh-shimmy slide.
Shimmy slide.
You think
you're gonna shimmy slide
across 200 yards of steam pipe
runnin' full at it at 160 degrees
and get away with it?
You try, they're gonna
change your name
from Departing Dallas
to Deep-Fried Dallas.
- Just a thought, man, you know?
- The thought that counts.
That's right. Look,
I gotta-I gotta plane to catch.
- Okay, Frank. Thanks a lot.
- Hey, Dallas!
You got a cigarette?
It's my last one, man.
Um, here, finish that up.
I know it ain't much, but
it's the thought that counts, right?
Right, last call.
Mess hall, last call.
Last call.
Uh, looks like some delicious garbage
stew. Just like mom used to make.
That's why I shot her.
- Can I have some more gravy, please?
- Gravy?
- You want some gravy?
- Yeah.
- Here's your gravy.
- Come on, you got it all over my food!
Move it!
- What's your problem, man?
- Nothing. Move it!
- What's that kid's story?
- In for murder.
Says it's a bad rap, claims he was just
in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Waitin' in the car while his buddy
went for a six-pack.
Didn't know
the guy was packing heat.
Boom-boom-boom.
Two guys dead.
Kid's doing
the Big Bitch now: Double life.
He'll make parole
when he's about... 400!
Move it!
What are you,
a slow study or what?
Screw that guy.
Look, Frank, man,
I didn't get a chance
to make a reservation,
you know?
So... why don't we, uh,
we get a seat over there?
Hey, what are you doin'?
I'm takin' this.
You got a problem with that?
Why don't you go
take somethin' else?
Open your mouth, Marjorie,
wait for the steak.
- I don't need it. Want some cake?
- Are you chumpin' off on me?
- I'm not hungry. You want it?
- Who are you?
Nobody. Here.
I'm on a diet.
This spot taken?
Why don't you stand up
to that fat dirtbag?
Hey, shut up, punk. He just
saved you a lot of healing, okay?
What's your name?
What's the difference?
Why does anybody need a name
in a joint like this?
It helps
when you get mail.
Oh, yeah? I need a name?
They call me Killer.
Killer? Hmm.
That's original.
You think that up yourself,
or someone give you a hand with it?
- Yeah. I call myself what I want, okay?
- Okay.
Killer, this is Dallas.
And I'm Frank.
Dallas, what do you think
this is here?
- Wanna give me an idea?
- These might be peas.
Then, again, um, they might not.
They might be toxic waste.
Who cares?
It's all crap, anyway.
Eat your vegetables, man,
to grow big and strong.
Hey, man, stick your vegetables.
Nobody asked you!
Watch it! You know, we got
about 325 other killers in here.
Most of 'em, unlike you,
live up to it, punk.
- Put your leg in the aisle.
- What?
Put your leg in the aisle.
Be ready to move.
Hey, nobody tells me
nothin', all right?
You always gotta be ready
to move first.
You just might make it
to first base in this place.
First base.
There's a name for him, huh?
- Man, it's good to be outside.
- It's cold outside.
Eh, it's not that bad.
Listen, it's good to keep movin'.
How come you always got
like this up attitude here?
How could you keep
an up attitude in a joint like this?
It's a mindset, kid. Your body has to be
in here, but your brain doesn't, right?
As long as you keep movin'...
you don't become a piece of this place.
- What's that? Like guru stuff?
- Yes, guru stuff.
- Maybe I should become a guru.
- You gettin' sarcastic?
Fuckin' birds!
Fuckin' birds
don't eat in the rain.
Yeah, well,
they'll come back.
Hey, uh, you save your bread
for me tomorrow?
Yeah, sure.
Put that on your list, okay?
- Okay.
- Thanks.
Why you talkin' crazy, man?
It's a waste of time.
To you, it's a waste of time.
To him, it's all he's got.
That's more than you got.
In here, you gotta
respect something.
You don't get much, and what you got,
you gotta protect. You know that?
You don't know nothin' yet.
Come on, let's run.
- Come on, Frank.
- Bitch, bitch, bitch.
I'm gonna get wet.
Send you my laundry bill.
Feel something, Leone?
Wanna play?
We're a man short.
Hey! I'm talkin' to you!
Hey, punk! When you gonna paint
your nails and answer the name "bitch"?
Hey, you know you got a big mouth?
Why don't you keep it shut?
Why, you, little motherfucker,
I'll tear your goddamn ass off!
Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey!
You wanna play? We'll play.
You talk too much.
Hey, let's play.
Goddamn right we'll play.
You and I'll play later, you little fuck!
You want more, Leone? We got more
for you. Come on! Come on!
- Stay down, fucker!
- That's a cheap shot!
- What kind of game is this?
- This ain't no game, man. This is a lesson.
- Got somethin' to say?
- Yeah.
- Say it! Say it!
- First down!
Fuck you. That's your last one!
You're dead, Leone!
You'll never last
the fuckin' game!
Get in there, hit 'im!
Come on, Red, get in there.
Set!
Hut-one. Hut-two. Hut-three.
I'll beat you up, homes.
All right, Frank!
Get 'im!
Hut-one. Hut-two.
Hut-three.
Fuck up! Get over on that other team.
That's who you're playin' for anyway.
What took you so long?
Looks like you need the help... and
I need the exercise. So, call the play!
You're dead, Leone!
- Damn! What hit me?
- F-train, son! F-train.
Don't lay down on me now.
Come on!
Come on, Leone.
Come on, you son of a bitch!
All right,
I am goin' over tackle on "two".
All right, Frank!
Ready!
Set!
- You're dead!
- Hut-one!
Hut-two!
Go, baby!
Come on, Frank!
We did it!
Hey, come on Wiley.
Come on, man!
Hey, put up, Wiley.
Next time I want...
you give.
Move it. Out. The game is over.
Let's go. You don't listen, do you?
- You okay? Come on. Come on, Frank.
- Put 'im down!
You ain't no doctor.
He's on his own.
Get inside.
Real badass, huh?
See you inside, Leone.
You won't break me!
You still interested in the job?
Yeah, I am.
You sure know your way
around an engine. Who taught you?
This old man... named Galleti.
Took me off the street
when I was 14 years old.
Taught me that
I could do something
besides hangin' out
on corners all the time.
- Where is everybody?
- It's quittin' time.
We got the place all to ourselves.
Is that what you broke out for?
Yeah, I owed 'im.
Tell me, what put you in the, uh,
joint in the first place?
One night these punks
broke into the garage
and put a beating
on old man Galleti.
And the whole neighborhood
knew about it. The cops knew about it.
But I guess these punks were connected,
so, uh, the cops didn't do anything. I did.
So, after all the smoke
had cleared...
these guys ended up
in the hospital,
and I ended up doin' 18 months
in Treadmore for aggravated assault.
- Care to join me in a little contraband?
- Why not?
I can see why they call you Eclipse.
What are you, about 6'7"?
- I do block a lot of sun, don't I?
- That you do.
I had a guy on the outside that used
to get me good Havanas.
- Uh-huh.
- Not this crap. But someday...
- Someday...
- Yeah, someday.
- That's not bad.
- At least they're cheap.
Eclipse, what do you
got hidin' back there?
That's my baby.
- Good body work.
- Call this here vehicle Maybelline.
- Hello, Maybelline.
- Yeah, this is my baby.
Nice.
- Come on!
- 1965 Ford Mustang, V-8,
2-89, 1-20-25 horse power.
When was the last time
you turned this thing over?
She's been dead
for 15 years.
Couple guys tried to get her goin'
and couldn't. I'm a body man myself.
- Mind if I give it a try?
- It's a dead issue, Frank.
Nothing's dead around here
until it's buried, isn't it?
Save the headstone, man.
Save the headstone.
Hey! Nothing's dead until it's buried.
Did I tell you that?
- Yeah!
- In like Johnson!
I love it.
A toast! Let's do the poem,
all right? From the top.
What poem?
- Hey, "the" poem!
- It's the jailhouse poem, all right, man?
- Some'ing we all wrote.
- Excuse me, sorry...
"When we're in a sober mood
We worry, work and think,
"When we're in a drunken mood
We gamble, play and drink.
"But when our moods are over
When our time has come to pass
"We hope they bury us upside down
So the warden can kiss our ass!"
- Amen!
- I like that.
- You like that, huh?
- It's a little catchy.
Raunchy!
This is the best.
I mean, this... this is good, man.
- What's wrong, man?
- Nothing.
It's good.
I wouldn't smoke around this.
But it tastes as good as
any dollar wine I've ever had.
Check, please!
Wait, wait, wait!
"When my moods are over,
"And my time..." That's not it.
Wait, wait. "... time has come..."
Take five, man.
You married,
or thinkin' about it, or what?
Look, if you don't
wanna talk about it...
Are you proposing to me?
You're not my type.
- No, I'm not married.
- Not married?
No.
You planning on gettin' married
when you get outta here?
Oh, yeah,
that's the plan. Yeah.
- You know, I had this really nice girl.
- Yeah?
She was nice.
And we were in love.
And we started talkin' about,
you know, gettin' married and...
Yeah.
She's got three brothers, like,
about 1% percent retarded, these guys.
- They-they throw a beatin' on me.
- Some guys don't appreciate romance.
- Yeah.
- Don't take it personally.
She wrote me for a while.
Then it just stopped.
That's when it hit me, Frank.
I ain't ever gonna be with a girl again
or even see a real one.
I'm gonna end up like Eclipse,
kissing pictures in magazines, man.
You know, there's
so many things I ain't never done!
I ain't never learned
how to drive a car, Frank.
What?
I ain't never learned
how to drive a car.
I hope we don't get a speeding ticket.
I'd hate to end up in jail.
You're supposed to be a wise guy.
You wanna learn to drive or not?
This is the best I can do.
Okay. Now cut it sharp.
That's it. All right. Look.
Why don't you hang
a left on 42nd Street.
Then we'll go down to Broadway
and check out the action, okay?
What Broadway?
We're doin' circles in a garage.
Aw, come on, First.
Work here with me, okay?
You wanna stay here
or are you gonna
end to Broadway
check out the action?
I wanna check out the action,
of course.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Turn left on 42nd Street.
- Okay, I got it.
The place is jumping.
Look at the action here!
Check out
those fine-lookin' ladies!
Yo, honey, wanna come
for a ride in my new car?
- Hey, baby!
- Hey, Frank, they ain't responding.
Don't worry about it,
they're not your type.
When was the last time
you were in Atlantic City?
Oh, man,
I've never been there.
No? We're there now.
What do you think?
I don't know. Do I like it?
What does it resemble?
It's the best. Look around.
Look at the lights.
The Boardwalk
is jumpin'... day and night.
It's hot music. You got high rollers.
You got parties.
Yeah.
- You got money.
- Yeah!
- You got gambling.
- Whoo!
You got 10,000 chorus girls!
Hey, baby, wanna come for a ride
in my new vehicle? Whoo!
Oh, man.
Yo, that was great, man.
I hate to tell you, your engine just blew
a rod. You're ready for Indianapolis, kid.
You got the touch.
Frank, let me ask you
one favor, man.
I appreciate the drive
and everything, you know,
but... none o' this is real unless
I can hear this engine kick over just once.
First, you know,
if I turn the engine on,
what's gonna happen is
the guards will come bustin' in here,
they're gonna grab out
every one of us
and they'll throw us
in the hole forever. Forget it.
Come on, Frank. Just for 10 seconds.
It'll last for the rest of my life.
You are such a pain
in the ass!
Come on, Frank. Let me just
hear that engine. We built it, man.
All right, go on.
10 seconds.
Hey! Lookin' good!
Ain't that great, huh?
- It's beautiful, baby.
- Hit it, one time!
- All right, one more time!
- Damn it, Frank!
Okay, turn it off.
You got it. You did it. Turn it off!
- Hey, kill it, Frank. Come on, man.
- Come on, First. Turn it off.
Frank, if I turn it off, I ain't never
gonna turn it on again, right, Frank?
That's right.
Please, turn it off, First.
- First...
- I'm sorry, Frank.
Oh, shit!
Frank, turn it off
and get him out of that car.
Get him out!
Frank, get on that kid!
Stop that kid!
Look out!
First! First!
First, turn it off,
you crazy bastard!
All right, stop that car now.
I repeat: Stop that car!
They're gonna kill you!
- This is Meissner. Stop firing!
- But, sir, the warden said...
- Goddamn it, I said stop firing!
- Hold it, hold it.
First, turn it off!
Hold it. Hold it.
Frank, look out! Look out,
look out, Frank, look out, man!
Get out of the car!
They'll kill your ass.
- Frank, did you see that ride, man?
- Sure I saw it. Are you crazy?
- It's beautiful, man.
- Yeah, it's beautiful.
I can drive, Frank.
Drive, Frank.
All right, all right. You're one crazy
son of a bitch, you know that?
Yeah!
Move!
- You bought yourself a trip to the hole.
- Leave Frank alone!
Let's go, let's go. Break it up!
Break it up! Let's go.
Let him go.
You have the wrong man.
- Take Leone to the hole.
- Back off.
- Six weeks.
- It's not his fault, sir, it was mine!
Save it.
Get off me!
Captain?
I want five inmates. Give me a bat.
I wanna break up this car.
Hold it right there, now!
I want you
to watch this, Leone.
Back to
the honeymoon suite!
Night.
- You should've been notified...
- Why is he in isolation?
- I don't have that information.
- Oh, you don't have that information?
- Then I wanna see the goddamn warden!
- Not today.
Every hour when the light comes on,
you'll stand, face the camera,
and state your name
and number.
Name and number!
- Leone, 510.
Face the camera!
Name and number!
Leone, 510.
Leone... 510.
On your feet!
Name and number!
Give Mr. Leone half rations
for the rest of his time here.
Yes, sir.
Name and number!
Get up!
He seems a little sluggish.
Wake him up!
Cold enough?
- Wanna see my swing?
- I'd like to see you in whites.
- Some swing.
- You see me on the golf course?
You got
a little cruel streak in you.
Leone, 510.
Upright! Name and number!
- Leone, 510.
You'll be praying for some time on
your own. You know that? You know that?
- I don't believe that.
- Trust me. I know about these things.
Leone, 510.
Water!
Name and number!
Marilyn... Monroe.
37... something.
35.
Crack 121!
Listen, I didn't mean it.
No, I didn't say anything at all. No!
That's enough.
- Who ordered this?
- The warden.
Does the warden hate 'im enough
to kill 'im? Cause that ain't my job!
Mr. Sensitive. He's upset, he thinks
we're treatin' Leone too rough.
Forget which are the cops
and which are the cons?
Whose side are you on?
- You want me? Come on!
- Break it up!
Your stick, Mr. Braden.
Pussy.
And you, you get
the hell outta my sight,
before I shine
my boots with your face,
you fat piece of shit!
Go on!
Time's up.
Remember
what I told you, Frank.
Roll with the system. Roll with it
or it's only gonna get harder.
Yeah, and it's getting
shorter too.
So, what's new, Mr. Braden?
Hmm. How's the family? Good?
- How're the Jets doin'?
- Don't forget to check your bed!
Hey, Frank!
Somebody die in here?
Ain't a great
welcome home, is it?
Hey, big man.
Sand. The whole engine block
is full of it. It was Chink.
What are we gonna do
about this?
- Forget it.
- Forget it?
We poured everything we got into this
car. No way we can let Chink slide.
- Let it go, First Base.
- Let it go?!
Aren't you the guys who says
you gotta protect what's yours,
watch each other's back,
you watch mine, I watch yours?
I guess that was nothin'
but a bunch of jive, huh, Frank,
now that you're a short-timer.
You're incredible! What?
You think this is your car?
This ain't your car.
This is the warden's car!
What do you think, that...
do you think that Chink Weber did this?
Drumgoole did this.
Come on. What?
You think that
we got this car together,
that we were gonna
take our dates out in it?
Is that what you thought?
Maybe rotate it
on weekends?
Hey, Ernie, why don't you
take it Friday?
And Dallas, why don't you
take it Saturday?
And Eclipse, you got it Sunday!
Is that what you thought? Huh?
It's his! This lift is his, these
tools are his, the garage is his!
The whole goddamn place is his!
And you better remember that too,
because once you start buyin' into this...
"our car", "our thing" concept,
man, you're his too!
Just let it go.
Where you goin'?
I thought you were our leader.
Goddamn it,
I'm not your leader!
And this ain't a gang!
We're convicts!
We're prisoners! We're inmates!
We're here.
And as long as we're here,
we're gonna stay his.
We're his. Nothing's ever change that.
You gotta face the facts.
Now, you guys are standup,
no doubt about it.
But I got three weeks to get outta
here. And in three weeks, I'm walkin'.
Ain't nothin'
gonna change that. I...
That's all I care about.
That's nothin' for nothin', man.
He's right.
Hey, Leone, how do you like
my belt buckle, boy?
Yeah, I know. I like it too.
A little souvenir that reminds me of you.
Tell me, what are you
gonna do about it?
You mean six weeks in the hole
killed your guts and your appetite?
It ain't over,
you son of a bitch.
- Anybody call this spot?
- Naw, you guys don't need reservations.
- Hey, you on a diet, Frank? Huh, man?
- Cutting back a little bit.
Hey, Frank, take
some of my food, buddy.
Yeah, here you go, Frank.
Don't worry about it.
- Some bread...
- That's nice.
Tomatoes, man.
You'll be all right. Celery stick.
- I ain't playin' football!
- Hey, Frank, don't worry about that guy.
We gotta fight him for. He's a lifer.
You only got a few weeks to go.
Forget about 'im.
I think a miracle just happened.
First Base finally learned something.
I doubt it.
- Okay, who's gonna say grace, huh?
- Grace!
She was terrific,
wasn't she?
- I thought I could rely on you, Weber.
- He won't be pushed.
Because you're
not pushing in the right place.
Everyone has a weak spot, Weber.
Find his, or I'll have
to find a new yard boss.
Welcome to the Gateway Stakes.
Come on, guys, I'm startin' to feel
like a steamed vegetable.
Let's start the race.
All right, all right. Hey, Frank, Frank,
what's your bug's name, man?
- Uhh, Dirt Creature.
- Dirt Creature. 3-to-2 on Dirt Creature.
- First Base, what's your bug's name, ma?
- Rear Entry.
Rear Entry's 4-to-5.
Place your bets.
Two'll get you three,
five'll get you four.
Two'll get you three, five'll get
you four Five'll get you four.
Everything I got
on Dirt Creature!
I bet the house on Rear Entry.
Window is closed. All bets are in.
Gentlemen, start your insects.
- All right!
- Come on, Dirt!
Boom! They're off.
I've got a steak dinner
on this victory, buddy boy!
Come on, Dirt. Come on.
- You can't do that!
- That's it, we got a steward's inquiry.
You can't push your bug
across the line like that!
A come-from-behind
victory by Rear Entry!
- We need to re-run the race.
- Hey, no rematch.
Hey! What are you guys
doin' down there?
Shit.
Pea! You're on the wrong detail.
Get your ass up here.
I want you
to clean up the gym!
- We got a rematch later, all right, buddy?
- Oh, yeah, sure we got.
I'm gettin' outta here, man.
All bets are off. I'll pay up later.
Now, asshole!
Hey, gimme a break, man.
I gotta get dressed over here,
you know what I mean?
Hey, watch out for my bug!
I'll take care of him
for you. Really. Delicious.
- Come on, let's do it today!
- All right.
- Clean this place up.
- It's already cleaned.
- What are you, deaf?
- Shut your mouth and do it.
Come on.
One by one, come on!
Come on!
Get him down there.
Hold his head!
I told you we'd play later,
you little bitch.
Hey, Leone!
- They got First!
- I can't hear you!
- What did you say?
- They got First Base in the gym.
- What is it?
First!
Let me have it!
Twenty years old.
This kid's twenty years old.
I told you.
I know. I know.
You want me, you got me.
You want me, fucking Nazi.
You want me... you got me!
No.
I'll kill you! I'll kill you!
Fight! Fight!
Kick his ass!
I'll kill you!
Son of a bitch!
Do it!
Pussy face!
Do it! Take him down!
Linen run!
Come on, get a move on.
I'm tryin' to make a livin' here,
you know what I'm sayin'?
Hey, hey, hey. Frank. My man.
Florence Nightingale...
- How you feelin'?
- All right.
Yeah? Three weeks
you're out of this joint, man.
Feels like three years.
Oh, come on, man.
Three weeks is a blink.
What'd they do
with the kid?
They sent 'im home, man,
what do you think?
You know...
You know... Ugh. The kid told me once.
Uh... The body has to be in prison,
but your mind can be
wherever it wants. You know?
- He tell you that?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Listen, Frank, I brought you...
I brought you some toilet paper, man,
in case, um, um,
in case, you know,
you wanna write some poetry
or something, you know?
Hey, hey, hey, colonel Klink.
Lemme outta here, man.
Hey, Frank, man,
it wasn't your fault, okay?
Remember that.
Roberta, have Miss Lowell photographed
for an I.D. for visitation.
I'm reinstating
Mr. Leone's privileges.
Yes, sir.
- I just wanna make sure Frank's all right.
- Oh, he's fine. He's recovering nicely.
And in three weeks
he'll be out of here,
and you can look forward
to a happy life together.
- Thank you for coming.
- Thank you, warden.
Okay, look into the light.
- Hi, baby!
- Hi!
How are you?
- I was so worried about you.
- You look great!
Thirty-minute visit, Leone.
Compliments of the warden.
- Don't waste it.
- How do you feel?
Oh, I feel pretty good.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Thirty minutes. You need any help...
just give us a call, huh?
- They all like that?
- Don't worry about it. You look great.
You look...
Don't tell me what I look like.
I can't stand it.
I've missed you so much!
No more separations.
Promise?
I promise.
- Time's up!
- Ooh, nice view.
- What the hell's the matter with you?
- You heard. Time's up.
- The warden said half an hour.
- Well, the warden changed his mind.
What do you mean he changed his mind?
I wanna talk to the warden!
Lady, what you wanna do
is keep your mouth shut.
Fix your clothes
and get out. Come on!
- Don't touch her!
- What did you say?
"Don't touch her?"
You don't learn, do you, pal.
Hey, hey, I'm leaving.
Three weeks, three weeks,
three weeks.
Leone! Come here!
Do I know you?
No, you don't know me, Frank,
but I know you.
I was at Treadmore with you.
- A-Block.
- Treadmore don't have an A-Block.
- That's right.
- We got somethin' else in common.
- Yeah? What's that?
- We're both gettin' out soon.
You in a few weeks.
Me, I'm gone the day after tomorrow.
- What happened to you?
- One beating too many.
I served some hard time in this place.
We both have, am I right?
Yeah. You're right
about that.
Hey, you need anything when
I get out? Can I get you anything?
- No, I'm all right, thanks.
- I'm just lucky, I guess.
I got a job lined up
when I get out.
It's just temporary, you know, but
it pays a grand for two hours of work.
- It's not bad, eh?
- What do you gotta do?
I just gotta... rape this bitch. I get an
extra hundred every time she screams.
- I'll kill you for that! I'll kill you!
- Payback time, Frank.
Chink says hello.
You touch her,
you're dead!
Hey, bailiff! Guard!
Guard! Somebody!
Manly! Hey, Manly! Guard!
- What's your problem, Leone?
- I gotta use the phone now.
You know your privileges.
No phone.
Manly, please, that guy....
That guy in the wheelchair, it's
an emergency. He's gonna kill my girlfriend.
What guy?
The guy that was just here!
You let him in! He got in a wheelchair!
- I've gotta warn 'er!
- I see is an empty wheelchair.
- What are you tryin' to pull, Leone?
- Fuck, don't play with me, Manly.
Please. I gotta use the phone.
I gotta warn her!
Everybody's got problems, Leone.
Get some sleep.
Goddamn, you fat motherfucker!
Goddamn!
Hey, Frank. Doin' some
spring-cleaning, huh, man?
Dallas! Come here!
- What is it, man?
- I need some help.
No questions asked.
What, you're bustin' out, man?
What the hell's goin' on, you got
less than three weeks to go!
Just help me.
Hey, if that's what you need,
it's gonna take a couple o' days, okay?
- No, I need it tonight.
- Tonight I can't do that, man.
By the time I finish tonight,
everything is gonna be locked up!
Listen to me!
There's a con gettin'
out of here tomorrow.
Chink Weber's paid him off
to get Melissa. You understand?
Yeah, I understand, Frank.
I'd love to help,
but I can't do the impossible.
You're hurtin' my arm, man.
I'll take you with me.
No shit?
- What's the plan?
- You'll know when you gotta know.
Goin' for the tunnels,
huh, man?
You just be here,
all right?
Hey, convict, move it
outta there! Let's go!
Hey, use some bleach on that,
Frank, better get those stains out.
I'm coming outta here,
colonel Klink.
Linen run. Evening, officer Vazquez.
What's happenin'?
You're late. Shit!
Now get in on, come on.
- Yes, siree.
- Quick.
- I'll be real quick, sir.
- Still makin' that jailhouse booze?
Absolutely not, sir.
I'm on the wagon.
I just joined Alcoholics Unanimous,
you know?
- Whatever. You got some line of shit.
- It's bad on my nervous system.
Makes me talk too much,
you know what I mean?
- Make it quick.
- Yeah, I'll be right out, sir. Right out.
No! Help!
Come on. Frank, let's go, man!
Come on!
Okay, come on. That's it.
All right. We got 10 minutes.
All right, move it.
Sweet dreams, Moby Dick!
- Frank?
- Come on. Come on, come on!
Tools, man.
You got it.
Okay, here I go.
Oh, God, I'm jumpin'!
Aw, man,
there's rats in here, Frank.
Come on!
- All right. I'm all right. No! No, no.
- What?
It's this way, man.
It's a shortcut to the steam plant.
It's this way!
No, man,
I remember the map.
It's this way. I'm positive, man.
I'm positive. Let's go!
D.T.A., Frank.
Ain't that what
you taught me, man? D.T.A.
Right on schedule,
Frank.
I'm sorry, man. You were
my ticket outta here. I'm sorry.
Damn you, Dallas!
You... had me... set up...
the whole time?!
Not the whole time.
I got 30 years to go, man. 30 years.
The warden made me a deal.
Dumb... dumb bastard!
They made me a deal, man!
A deal!
We don't make deals
with escaping prisoners.
What are you talking about, man?
You said if I delivered...
Shut up.
- You're going back to the population.
- Population?
Oh, you can't do this to me, warden.
You can't do this to me, man.
I snitched him off. They're gonna
kill me back there. I'm finished.
Tough.
All right, look, I came through,
goddamn it! We had a deal!
That's enough.
You're gonna kill 'im.
That's enough!
This is an automatic
10 years, Frank.
It's 10 ten years
for a second escape attempt.
I knew you'd cross the line.
I told them 5 years ago
you were a hardcore criminal.
But they'll believe me now.
And you better believe me.
You better believe that
you're gonna be doing hard time here...
for the rest of your life.
Manly,
you know what to do.
Some deal maker.
See? Shit does float,
doesn't it?
Hey, you know what else?
You don't have to worry
about that psycho hurtin'
that pretty little blonde
bitch girlfriend of yours.
We decided to keep him in here.
Didn't we, officer?
She's not my type.
We'll teach him a lesson.
We'll graduate you with honours, pal.
Come on,
turn on the steam, Mastrone!
Turn on the fucking steam!
Put him in it!
Get him in there!
Bring him in here!
Come on!
Push him, Darrell! Do it!
Rape this!
Oh, my face! My face is burnin'!
My face!
School's out, punk!
Frank! Frank,
don't leave me here, man.
I'm sorry.
Take me with you!
Let him go, Manly!
Let him go!
- What are you gonna do with that?
- You okay, Frank?
I'm okay, Dallas.
You can trust me, Frank.
You can trust me.
- Put it down, Dallas.
- Put it down.
- I won't hurt you anymore.
- Oh, yeah?
- You don't wanna do it.
- You fat piece of shit.
- Don't do it, Dallas!
- What, are you trying to scare me?
Dallas, no!
- You won't do it!
- Oh, yeah?
- You don't got the balls to do it, punk.
- You're wrong.
- Stoolie!
- You're wrong!
- Dallas!
- Put it down!
- Dallas, no!
- You're wrong!
Switch to backup! Excuse me, sir,
we got a power outage in C-Wing.
Get some men down
to that utility quarter.
You better have
a real good reason
for not telling me
you knew Leone was goin' out.
I've got a dead officer and
a dead inmate out there.
And I don't have
any fuckin' answers. Do you?
I was trying to save an informant's
life by keeping an operation secret.
Why the hell would a man
who's got less than three weeks to go
try to break out
and kill two men? Why?
We can ask him...
when we catch him.
Busted cable... utility corridor.
He's going to the roof.
Bring up Zone 2!
Can't you get
any more light in there?
- Captain Meissner.
Meissner.
This is Osner.
I'm in the well room right now.
Looks like this is
where he went out.
Sir, that has got to be at least
200 yards underwater.
- Do you really think he made it?
- Well, maybe not, Mr. Braden.
But until you bring me a body,
I got an escaped prisoner.
This is Drumgoole. I want Sector 4.
- Meissner, Sector 4, go.
- What do you have, Mr. Meissner?
- Right now, nothing, sir.
In fact, I'm thinking of calling in
the local and state police
to coordinate with my men.
No! No outside agencies.
I repeat, no outside agencies.
This is an internal matter.
He's alive, I want 'im.
Arm a tactical squad and
meet me in my office now.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Braden,
you will continue the search!
You won't get away with it.
You know that, don't you?
I could've got out.
But I'm not gonna spend
my life running... from you.
Paul, look at this!
Get your ass.
Whoa, hold it! Hold it!
- You can't use me as a hostage...
- Shut up! Shut up!
You recognize that chair? Huh?
You built it, didn't you?
Now get in there. Get in there!
Don't even think
about movin'.
Think you'll take me
to hell, huh?
You'll be in no time there.
I'll show you hell!
Move you leg!
Dallas... he fried, the way
you're gonna fry. Huh?
First Base, took him downstairs,
you broke his goddamn neck! Huh?
I'm gonna fry your brains.
What do you know? It's a perfect fit.
You can't make
this work, Frank.
You're not smart enough.
You're too stupid.
- You're scum!
- Shut up! I'll show you scum!
You can't kill a man, Frank. You're not
a murderer. You don't have the guts.
Ten more years.
Isn't that what you said?
How about 20?
How about 30?
No, it doesn't matter what they give
me because you won't be satisfied...
till you got me for life.
Make a hole!
Take it down!
Well, I ain't doin' life
for nothin'!
Come on.
Lean on it, man! Lean on it!
They're gonna
break that door down, Frank.
And they come in here, they're going
to take your fucking skull apart!
You're going to beg me
to let them kill you.
- Come on, break it down!
- Meissner!
Harder, man. Harder!
Come on, lean on it!
No!
Take out the glass!
Come on! Shoot!
Shoot me!
- Don't shoot!
- Shoot me! Come on!
He has his hand
taped to the lever.
No!
- Don't shoot!
- Hold your fire. Hold your fire.
Come on, shoot!
Hold your fire!
Relax. Just relax.
I'm glad you're here, Meissner. This
wouldn't be official without witnesses.
He's bluffing. He's trying to get me to take
responsibility for his escape attempt.
Just like before.
I don't want a confession.
You set me up. You set everything up!
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- I'm talkin' about Chink Weber!
The goons. The cop that
was gonna rape Melissa!
Dallas. The killing of the kid.
- Guilty on all counts.
- Prove it!
Prove it, Frank! That's your problem.
You can't prove anything.
I don't have to prove nothin'.
I came here for an execution.
I de... I demand
to be released from here!
No! No!
Don't do it, Leone. Don't do it.
Take it easy.
- You deserve... payback.
- Frank!
Please. Please, Frank.
Don't kill me! It's true.
I confess.
I confess, Mr. Meissner.
Everything that he said was true.
I set them up.
Everything.
No, please.
Please. Don't kill me!
Don't!
See... you in hell,
Drumgoole!
Works better with this.
Take him to the hole,
Mr. Meissner.
Mr. Braden, take the prisoner
to the hole!
- Cuff him.
- Yes, sir.
And somebody get me
out of this chair.
Come on.
Thank you, Mr. Meissner.
I said take him to the hole.
I can't do that.
Take the warden into custody!
Yes, sir.
I said take him to the hole.
What are you doing?
Cuff 'im.
Stop it! I am warden of this institution,
and you will obey... Stop that!
That was just a stupid confession
to try and save my life.
Are you crazy, Mr. Meissner?
No, but you are.
Till this matter's resolved in a judicial
inquiry, you will remain in our custody.
I'll have your ass for this!
I'll have your ass.
Move 'im.
- I only wanted to do my time, captain.
- You'll get your chance.
Move 'im.
Hang in there, Frank.
Hey, Frank?
- Eclipse.
- Take care of yourself.
Yeah, you too.
Thanks a lot, big man.
- Yeah. That okay?
- It's all right.
Got this one
from Fidel Castro his self.
- See you, big man.
- Okay.
Hold it.
Crack the outside!
You know what I'm gonna
miss most about you, captain?
- What's that?
- Your incredible smile.
- Take care of yourself, Leone.
- Thanks, captain.
Lock 'em!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org